Improve the first page and add our general advice from the ARC internal documentation. (#80)
UCL/OSPO: index.md

# Open Source

<section class="content-box news-summary">

UCL has a long history of open-source software development and open research.
Openness and inclusion form part of UCL's core values.

</section>

These pages are dedicated to supporting and promoting open-source software and materials by UCL staff and students.
We are also in the process of building an [Open Source Programme Office at UCL](./ospo).
For open research, the library has a dedicated [Office for Open Science and Scholarship](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/library/open-science-research-support/ucl-office-open-science-and-scholarship).

## Looking for advice?
We have a few [guides and links](./guides) that you may find useful.
In particular, [UCL's position on open source software licenses](./guides/ucl-and-oss.html).

Also in these pages you will find:

> - Announcements of [Activities & events](./events) that are happening in UCL (or nearby) related to Open Source.

Author: (Consistency r.e. Jonathan's comment)

- [News](./news) related to Open Source that is of interest to the UCL community.

> - Work done to create and consolidate the [Open Source Programme Office](./ospo), including submission to talks and funding proposals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Work done to create and consolidate the [Open Source Programme Office](./ospo), including talks given at conferences and funding proposals.
```
